# Assigment 2
In **Swing** graphic environment implement graphic user interface using integrated development environment **NetBeans**, which will enable editing of a text file, text search and simple processing (replace) of the found text.

The user interface should be based on the main window (JFrame) and should contain menu bar (JMenuBar), with options **File**, **Search**, **Colours** and **Help**, which are followed by pull-down menus (JMenu).

The menu bar should contain menus **File**, **Search** and **Help**, which are cascade buttons, followed by pull-down menus (JMenu). Menu **File** should contain menu items **Open**, **Save** and **Exit**. The first options triggers the appearance of the file chooser dialog (JFileChooser) and display of the selected file in the in the text area. The second option saves the content of the text editor into the file with a user-defined name. The third options closes the program. Menu **Search** should have two menu items:  **Search all** finds and with yellow colour colours the background of all appearances of the searched text, while it sets the cursor at the beginning of the first appearance of the searched text.  The **Replace all**  replaces all the appearances of the searched text with new text and also colours the background of all replacements. Menu **Colours** sholud contain menu items **Foreground** and **Background**, which allow setting the foreground and background colour of the currently selected text (selection). For the colour selection use the colour selection dialog (<i>JColorChooser</i>). Menu **Help** should contain the **About** menu item, which displays the data about the author of the program into the message area. Underlined letters in the menu item names are mnemonics, which you have to implement.



Add container panel (<i>JPanel</i>) into the working area of the main window, which will contain the text area with graphic attributes (<i>JTextPane</i>) and two text fields (<i>JTextField</i>). The first will serve for entering the search text, while the second for the replacement text. Add also the scrollbars (<i>JScrollPane</i>) to the text editor, which are attached to the working area of the editor.  Hint: For easier placement of widgets use additional containers (e.g. <i>JPanel</i>).

At the bottom of the window add a single-line label (JLabel). When the file is opened the data about the opened file (the file name and its size in bytes) should be displayed in this label. During the program use the messages about the program operations should be displayed in the label using user friendly language. Users should be informed about the important events, e.g. (un)successful opening or saving files, etc.

Add also a tool bar (JToolBar) to the main window, which contains buttons (JButton) **Open, Save, Search** and **Replace all** with the same functionalities as the equally named menu items in the menu bar. All buttons are separated using separators (JSeparator). In order for the toolbar to be dockable, you have to use the border layout  (BorderLayout).
