# Assigment 6

Using the interface generator **Glade** implement graphic user interface in the **GTK+/GNOME** graphic environment, which is based on the main window (GtkWindow). The main window contains the following components:

- a menu bar (GtkMenuBar) with the  **File, Selections1, Selections2** and **Help** options (which are cascade buttons, followed by the pull-down menus (GtkMenu)),
- a tool bar (GtkToolBar),
- a work area of the main window, containing several widgets, listed below, and
- a status area (GtkLabel).  
The work area of the main window contains the following widgets:  

- one text field (GtkTextEntry),
- three radio buttons (GtkRadioButton)
- one button (GtkButton),
- one combo box (GtkComboBoxText),
- one spinner (GtkSpinButton),
- one check box  (GtkCheckBox) and
- a message area (GtkLabel).  
Underlined letters in the names of the options are mnemonics, which you also have to implement.  

Menu **File** should contain options **Open** (call of a file chooser dialog (GtkFileChooserDialog)), **Clear** (clears the content of the status and the message areas) and **Exit** (exits the program). Add also appropriate accelerators to all options of the File menu (e.g.. Ctrl+O, Ctrl+C and Ctrl+Q). Menu **Selections1** should contain the same number of menu items as is the number of letters in your name.  The label for the i-th menu item should be composed of the menu name (**Selections1**) and i-th letter of your name. An example: if somebody's name is Janez, the menu has to contain five menu items, where the label for the first menu item is "**Selections1 J**", for the second menu item "**Selections1 A**", for the third menu item "**Selections1 N**", for the fourth menu item "**Selections1 E**", and for the fifth menu item "**Selections1 Z**", where underlined letter in the labels represents the mnemonic. In a similar way implement also the **Selections2** menu, which should contain the same number of menu items as is the number of letters in your last name. The labels for the menu items should be constructed in the same way as was for the menu **Selections1**, but you should use the name of this menu (**Selections2**) and the j-th letter of your last name instead. Implement also the tool bar (GtkToolBar), which should contain all menu items from the menus **Selections1** and **Selections2** (e.g. "**Selections1 J**", "**Selections1 A**", ...). The interface should also contain a status area, which should be a label (GtkLabel). A last letter of the menu item label from the menus **Selections1** and **Selections2** (or from the tool bar buttons) should be appended to the content of the status area if a menu item (or tool bar button) is selected.
  
In a work area of the main window implement a text entry field (GtkEntry), a combo box (GtkComboBoxText), which should contain your place of residence in one of the selections, radio buttons (GtkRadioButton) "Add", "Remove first" and "Remove selected", a button (GtkButton) "Perform selected action", a spinner (GtkSpinButton), a check box (GtkCheckBox) "Duplicates forbidden", and message area (GtkLabel). When the button "Perform selected action" is pressed, an action according to the selected radio button should be performed. If the "Add" radio button is selected, the content of the text entry field should be added as a new element to the combo box if: 1) the text entry field is not empty; and 2) if an entry with the same content does not exist in the combo box, or if the duplicates are allowed. Pressing the "Perform selected action" when the "Remove first" or the "Remove selected" radio button is selected, should cause the removal of the first or of the selected element respectively from the combo box, if it is not empty. A message should be displayed in the message area, stating which operation is currently being performed. e.g. "Adding", "Removing first", "Removing selected". The check box (GtkCheckBox) "Duplicates forbidden" is used for control of adding duplicates into a combo box. If the check box is selected, adding the elements, which are already in the combo box, is forbidden, otherwise, it is allowed. The spinner should contain integers between 0 and 20. When the selected value in the spinner is changed, the program should display in the message area that element from the combo box, which is on the selected position, or "No element" if the combo box contains smaller number of elements.
